greetings hi the war l greets you guess
what folks we have a minecraft server
that's right the war l has a minecraft
server we're looking forward for you
guys to come on in and build some stuff
be lots of fun and i'll be there and
titanium will be there and i think
that's it so there's the IP oh my gosh
you now know the super secret top secret
evil IP i'll be making a bullet in with
this eventually when we post this video
but for now we're just going to show you
the build server and what we have so far
so here we go we're coming in locking in
here we go and i'm gonna type / spawn
just you see where you spawn so oh look
forward to that fall and okay we're
gonna wait till everything we wait time
viewing loads so doesn't ruin the
ambience you want to ruin the ambience
here and uh what idiots okay we're good
we're good let's do this thing so you
fall into this fountain here I built
this room go perfect creepy music well
how is it doing that awesome effects
wore out how did you do this this looks
magnificent says the people joining the
server greetings hi the war I'll greets
you look at this hallway this took me so
long to do you better you better
appreciate now seriously if someone
thinks they can help out and make this
look actually good I'd be great but I
wanted to I'm one of the good ambience
to look like we're like floating near
and avoid future home of the war I'll
statue we're gonna put a statue there of
the war ow if we can just follow this
path way around
and come over here get some torches
floating and you you're not suppose to
be able to see the black cloth it's
floating and nothing really it is yeah
it's better special effects bad okay so
we come along here and warp to build
zone stands on platform um this is in
case people can't figure this out we put
signs yes you stand on the pressure
platform there's the war al hey there
learn the war uh what's up there what's
down there hey well how's it going oh
it's going good good good good good good
good are you uh are you looking forward
to people joining the minecraft server
know they'll crash it to build bad
things a little bit a little bit alumina
ok now that here we go here we go the
tagged keep it keep your arms and legs
inside of the vehicle at all times as we
transport ourselves to Sonny Bill server
as the world builds around us
magnificently a beautiful melody goes
along there
we have been transported to a new virgin
world a beautiful plant ah we will call
we will this will be our lands and we
will call it this lump screwing up the
quote we will rule over this land and we
will call it this land I think we should
cut at your grave huh curse your sudden
but inevitable betrayal I hope you folks
like it go crazy this is a beautiful
virgin world for you to defile um but
build good looking things please look at
this is beautiful it's absolutely
beautiful we could just rotate rotate
for hours what's going on what's going
on oh no oh no we're going the other way
okay so what do you think huh huh okay
so if you've watched this far into the
video and I have an annotation with the
server IP so you can guys can he join
you watching one going huh this is an
easter egg blue mushrooms it's getting
dark what's this a cave let's dig down
into this cave wait here's one of the
commands you can do / / and stupid
pickaxe enabled another one of the
commands is / g m-e and then whatever he
wants for example if I want if I want
dirt I type dirt and it'll give me dirt
and it also works for the numeral value
so we can build dirty so you can place
it so that's how you can build stuff
those are some of the tools so we're
gonna come down here check out what's
going on we'll get some torches why are
you coming down here what no way I've
never been to pig is that a pig it looks
dead that's weird no way I I seriously
have not been down here I didn't know
this was here so okay there's some stuff
in the chest I'm gonna leave that there
for you guys and I was actually just
looking for a random place to put a sign
in be an easter egg and whoever found
the sign first gets a prize so here's
the sign coming down now and we're going
to blur it out but there's gonna be a
secret code and you have to reply to
this video with the secret code so
here's the secret code now
typing it that's the secret code if you
type that secret code in the comments
first person who does it gets a prize I
won't tell you what the prize is so you
have to find it this is epic I didn't
like there's a dungeon right here we're
gonna get rid of that torch and we're
going to end the video so please join
and have fun guys
ok now that